
General canopy clustering algorithm

T1 : distance to include points into canopies.
T2 : distance limit when 'walking' the centroid of a new canopy.

https://cwiki.apache.org/MAHOUT/canopy-clustering.html

Build to fit clusters w MPI.

Process:
  Master reads the input points.
  Each point is randomly distributed to a node.
  
  On the worker node the communicator thread will queue the incoming point.
  It also has a set of processing threads.
  
  The worker first receives all its points from the master thread.
  After all points have been send, the master communicates 'done'.
  
  Points may be assigned multiple canopies
  
  The worker keeps track of
  	points
  	canopies
      assigned points.
        	
  Iterate while free points 
    The worker picks a free point P.

    The point is to be center of a temporary canopy Ct.
    Iterate, generating temporary conopies Ct 
      The canopy Ct is compared (in parallel) with all assigned and free points
        to make a temporary list of points P1..i.
      The temporary list of points are used to make a centroid for a new canopy Ct+1.
	  If distance between centroids of Ct and Ct+1<T2,
	    Register the new canopy Cn=Ct+1, and assign the list of points to it. 
	  If the point P is not in the canopy, it is marked 'tested'.
    End iteration
  
  End process point
  
  Canopy merging:

  Workers send their local canopies to the master.
  
  The master broadcast each canopy Cw in turn.
    After each canopy is send, each worker compares it to their
      set of canopies Ci and send back an intersecting canopy list to the master.
      they delete the intersecting canopies.
    The master aggregates the data and merge the canopies.
    The master sends out the new canopy to a random worker.
  End merge canopies
  
  Output:
  
  Master output each canopy, number of points, and points?
  
Idea:
  To number canopies uniquely, number of total points is known at 'done' signal. This could
  be send, and used to calculate a number worker#*totalpoints, at which to number all canopies.
  (there are never more canopies than points for sure)  

Performance notes:
  Bjørn reports that taking 100 genes and comparing it in parallel to all genes, is a 
  speedup compared to taking 1 gene  and comparing it in parallel to all genes.
  Memory locality?
  